+++
title = "441.350 MHz, S. Central Austin"

[extra]
subtitle = "Low-profile, general purpose UHF repeater. Tone 151.4 Hz."
boilerplate = false
+++

{% boilerplate(class="ai5a-bg-pay-attention") %}
# Note

This repeater is currently linked mostly-full-time to the N5OAK system while
their UHF repeater is having SWR issues. When that is fixed, this repeater will
likely de-link from N5OAK except to carry their nets.
{% end %}

{% boilerplate(class="ai5a-bg-callout") %}
# Introduction

The **441.350 MHz** (input: +5 MHz @ 446.350 MHz) repeater, known as *The
Portapeater* is located in South Central Austin. It started life as an
AllStarLink Simplex node to bring to events and allow Oak Hill ARC friends to
link back into the N5OAK system remotely. That initial project grew into a
repeater with similar goals.

The Portapeater is built on a 1U rack shelf. It's meant to be portable so that
it can be used for events (such as distant hamfest or Field Day sites) and link
back to the N5OAK system.

When there's not an event going on, it lives its life at the AI5A home QTH.

The repeater consists of two Motorola PM400 commercial radios, a Sinclair 6
cavity mobile duplexer, and a Raspberry Pi 4 running AllStarLink on Raspberry Pi
OS as the controller. The antenna is a Diamond X-50A which is shared via a
diplexer with the *AI5A-1 Digipeater*.

Although the repeater is low-profile (it is in a bit of a geographic hole), it
has tolerable coverage primarily toward the north.

It's an open repeater and all are welcome to use it.
{% end %}

{% boilerplate(class="ai5a-bg-go-on") %}
# Nets Heard on This Repeater

### 👀 [AmateurLogic Sound Check Net](https://www.amateurlogic.tv/blog/?p=1342)

**Tuesdays, 20:00 local time**

This net carries the weekly Tuesday night AmateurLogic Sound Check net, which
provides a chance for amateurs to use every digital and analog mode they can get
their hands on and check into the net as many times as they'd like to test their
setups. Don't miss the weekly "what the heck is that?" where a picture is posted
online and members of the net have to guess what the picture is. There's also a
weekly discussion question given to all check-ins to the net.

This is a fun net and I'm excited to bring it to the Austin area via 441.350
MHz, every Tuesday night at 20:00 local time.

{{ utnet() }}
{{ oakhillnets() }}
{% end %}
